DAN: Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission
to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up
with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger
and brings us closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension Controllers
to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Enough insolence.
Ability Activate!
Drill Impact!
[pained cry]
GUS: That is why you'll never be good enough to defeat me!
Say goodbye, Dan Kuso.
Dan! Look out!
So ends the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
[pained groan]
DAN: Just in time, partner.
[annoyed grunt]
Behind you!
Drago!
[panting]
Whoa!
Are you all right, Dan?
What's going on?
Who's attacking?
Did you just wake up from having a nightmare?
Yeah, I guess I was...
Sorry to wake you.
Some nightmare you had...
Every single Vestal on the planet must have heard you.
You'd have bad dreams too
if you lost a Bakugan Brawl as badly as Master Dan did.
Nice one.
You know what Marucho.
Baron is right...
Drago...
Time to start training...
In the middle of the night?
Drago! Drago?
Hey guys...
You seen Drago?
For the first time, I wonder if I have the strength
to do what must be done.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Return of a Friend\"!
Wayvern...
You sacrificed your life to save our world
and I will protect it to my last breath...
But...
I can't do it alone...
DAN: Drago!
There you are...
Why are you all alone out here?
Just... thinking.
Me too...
Now let's get to work.
He woke you too...
Are you worried?
[dismissive chuckle]
Not about him...
But if he brawls at this hour...
The released power could give the Vestals a fix on us.
DAN: Nice move, Drago!
[confident roar]
Ability Activate!
Okay...
Now I'm bored...
Wake me when the Vestals attack, okay Mira?
[amused chuckle] Right...
Pretend you don't care.
A toast to the famous Six Warrior Bakugan...
The most powerful Bakugan of each attribute.
And you're all mine.
[laughs]
So tell me...
Why do I have only five?
Spectra!
What is going on?
You defeated the human and yet I still have
no Pyrus Dragonoid in my collection.
SPECTRA: Why yes...
My apologies to you Prince Hydron.
HYDRON: You're supposed to be the best Brawler
on New Vestroia.
So prove it.
I understand your frustration...
I will not fail but these things take time, my lord.
Well ok then...
I'm counting on you Spectra...
It would be unwise to disappoint me.
I expect to hear good news from you soon.
You spoiled little brat.
I take complete responsibility Master ...
My failure has caused your continued disfavour.
Not so...
You accomplished much...
Gus.
Our spoiled Prince is just throwing a childish tantrum...
He wants his new toy.
Careful, Master...
You never know who could be listening in on us.
Let them listen.
Come.
There is much to do.
Of course... Master Spectra.
ACE: If we follow this valley
we should get close to the city undetected.
I can have us there by sundown, guys.
Pedal to the metal!
[big bite/chewing]
So does this mean that we're actually going to
go into enemy territory now?
It's about time we started destroying
those Vestal Dimension Controllers...
[laughs] Oh man!
The Vexos are gonna freak out!
Dan!
Stay focused.
Hold on...
I have...
something else to discuss.
[shivering]
Is something wrong?
Nothing...
I just have to go.
[annoyed sigh] Too much information.
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
[satisfied sigh]
GUS: Greetings, Dan Kuso.
DAN: Gus?
What is a Vexos doing here?
How did you get into our headquarters.
Whah?
I get it... You're just a hologram.
I warn you...
Today I will take your Drago away.
As if!
I understand if you refuse my challenge.
After losing to me once you're probably afraid.
However...
If you do have the guts to take me on again, human...
My little spy will lead you right to me.
DAN: Come here, you.
I'll take you on...
This time I'll slap you down for good!
Are you nuts?
You want to postpone destroying
the Dimension Controllers...
and go off on some kind of wild goose chase?
My brother will be a big help if we can find him.
Let it go...
We've had too many distractions already.
We're supposed to be freeing the Bakugan!
That is what I'm doing!
Ooookay.
Let's all just take a deep breath here.
Forget it, Marucho...
Once those two start they can go for hours.
DAN: Drago...
Dan?
Let's blow.
We're going? Where?
Gus challenged us to a rematch...
So now we have to go meet him.
Sounds like a trap.
I know it does...
But it's another chance to free Vulcan from the Vexos.
I'm in.
But shouldn't we tell Marucho and the others?
Please don't fight, guys.
Seriously, you're worse than a couple of two year olds.
How about a group hug?
Or a sing-a-long maybe? Guys?
Let's not.
They're kinda busy right now...
Besides this is a one on one Bakugan Battle.
ACE: I'm not negative!
In fact, I'm positive your plan is ridiculous.
DAN: We'll be back before they know we're gone.
Okay, Bugface.
Now show me where Gus is.
You made it.
You bet...
This chance was too sweet to pass up.
I really hope you've been practicing, Gus...
I won't go easy!
[derisive laugh]
Your overconfidence will be your downfall.
BOTH: Gauntlet Power Strike!
Gate Card Open!
Crush them , Vulcan...
Bakugan Brawl!
Scorch'em, Drago...
GUS: Bakugan Stand!
[roar]
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
Ability Activate.
Subterra Reactor!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Vulcan Power Level Six zero zero.
GUS: You were fools to face us again.
Now you'll see why.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Titan Knuckle!
GAUNTLET: Drago, minus two zero zero.
I'm ahead by 500 ...
Now watch as I take Drago away forever!
Ability Activate!
Burst Shield!
[defiant roar]
GAUNTLET: Drago, plus 2 zero zero.
Vulcan minus 2 zero zero.
Winner: Vulcan.
[derisive laugh]
Your last-second ability saved Drago...
But you lost precious Life Points in the process.
Are you okay... Drago?
DRAGO: [groan] I've felt better.
But you've lost half your life points.
Sorry, my friend.
Not a problem...
We're just getting started!
DAN: One rematch, coming up!
Right Drago?
DRAGO: Believe it!
VULCAN: Let's get brawlin'!
It's my turn to start...
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl.
Bakugan Stand!
[battle roar]
Interesting...
This Drago...
he had once been the perfect Dragonoid Bakugan.
And then he became the core of New Vestroia...
How could he return to Bakugan form after that?
Good question...
Helios, I have a very good feeling...
that if we engage this Bakugan in battle ourselves
everything will become clear.
SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
[battle attack roar]
Gate Card Open!
Pyrus Reactor!
It's show time!
Let 'em steal your sting...
Scorpion!
It's the Bakugan Trap.
It's my turn to take you down in one move.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Double Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
[battle attack roar]
DAN: Plus, Satellite Boost!
GAUNTLET: Drago Power Level one one five zero.
No way!
I will never let that human take Vulcan.
Ability Activate!
Pyrus Durance!
GAUNTLET: Drago Power Level Eight Five Zero.
[battle attack roar]
[cocky laugh]
Looks like we're even.
GUS: That's alright.
I haven't even begun to brawl.
I'm through playing around with you...
I'll handle this, Gus.
This is my battle.
Who are you? ...Or what?
I am Spectra Phantom...
Leader of the Vexos.
You think I'm impressed by that?
[dismissive laugh] Not much.
So back off, Spectra \"Leader of the Vexos\".
I've got a battle to finish with Gus.
[amused chuckle]
You should learn to be more respectful
of your superiors...
It is an honour for an amateur such as yourself
to lose...
to the top ranked brawler.
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Now... Bring out Drago.
Nobody... tells me how to brawl...
But since you're...
asking for it, I'll battle you...
Ready... Drago?
Ready!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[battle attack roar]
THINKING: That Dragonoid is magnificent.
Now to put him to the test and see what he's got...
Double Ability Activate.
Dual dragon!
Plus Item Core!
No way!
He's split in two and doubled his power level.
Give me a break...
I want to make a little detour, that's all.
No way... It's pointless.
I call a cease-fire...
You need to look at this.
What's that?
That's gotta be Drago!
MARUCHO: Dan must have slipped out
and got involved in a Bakugan Battle.
I hope he's not battling Gus.
He needs us.
[screech]
THINKING: This Dragonoid's
attack powers and defense skills
are nothing remarkable.
Perhaps it's time to wrap this battle up
and deliver my gift to Prince Hydra.
Take this!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Triple Ability Activate.
Burning Dragon.
Plus, Burning Tornado.
And don't forget Fusion Ability!
Pyrus Slayer!
What the...?
That's a Triple Ability!
Bakugan Brawl!
[battle attack roar]
Ability Activate!
Heavy Aegis!
[gasping pain] Vulcan's wiped out my Ability.
DAN: The difference in our power levels
is more than 500 points!
Prepare to meet your doom!
Ah man, now who's attacking me?
[panting]
What is that?
No way... It's him.
DAN: Yes! It's Shun!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Thunder Power, Glimmering Slash.
[agonized groan]
Ability Activate.
Wind Power, Soaring Strike Shot.
[anticipation growl]
GUS: [gasp] It can't be.
Sorry I failed, Master Spectra.
It's fine...
I'll take it from here...
Helios... Are you ready?
HELIOS: I am, Master.
Let's go.
Most Powerful Bakugan Pyrus Helios...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[battle attack roar]
Drago! What... is it?!
I don't know, Dan, but this one is powerful!
That's Helios.
It's you, Shun!
No! You mean Shun Kazami?
So how's it going... Dan?
Okay...
Except for a problem named Spectra.
I can't wait to meet him...
Whaddya say we show him how it's done?
Sounds good to me... Partner...
Hey Spectra, it's time to get this party started!
Hmm...
THINKING: If that Dragonoid can use Triple Ability,
he's probably got other powers he's hiding from me.
Ability Activate!
Claw Thunder Position...
Kagenui!
THINKING: I must see all the Dragonoid's powers...
Ability Activate!
General Quasar!
[snarling roar]
And to think you were once the perfect Dragonoid...
Now you're no better than that Tigrerra I crushed.
What?
You were the one who took Tigrerra?!
That's right.
And Tigrerra cried for mercy.
Just like you will.
[fiendish laugh]
I will make you pay for that!
Drago! What's wrong?
Is he telling me to use this card?
[battle attack roar]
Magnificent!
Come on...
Don't hold back.
Show me everything you've got!
Ability Activate!
Strike Dragon!
[battle attack roar]
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Power Level exchange complete.
GAUNTLET: Spectra Life Gauge Zero.
Way to go, Master Dan!
Excellent work, Helios...
Let's go, Gus.
Right away... Master Spectra.
DAN: Come back anytime
and we'll give you a free lesson in battle brawling.
Now that I have seen the powers of the Dragonoid...
I can't allow it to be just a plaything.
DAN: So where have you been, Man?
You just disappeared off the face of the earth.
It was... really weird...
I was up in the mountains by myself...
working on my ninja skills...
When suddenly a crack in the dimension appeared
in front of me.
[scream]
SHUN: I was sucked into it and the next thing I knew...
I landed here.
Wherever here was.
Where am I?
And how did I get here?
It's hard to say for sure...
But maybe when we Vestals arrived in New Vestroia
it created a distortion in the dimensions.
Makes sense...
And it would explain why we couldn't get through
to you on Earth.
Then pretty soon after that I met Ingram.
[frightened screaming]
INGRAM: [gasp] What's happening?
Thank you for saving me.
I will always be indebted to you.
My name is Ingram.
And I am Shun Kazami.
Shun, are you a Vestal?
A Vestal?
You mean the guys who are sucking up all the Bakugan?
No way, man...
So what's the deal?
Who's hoovering up you guys and why?
SHUN: Ingram told me about the Vestals.
And from that moment on,
I devoted myself to freeing the Bakugan.
Hey Shun.
Was that you who saved me and Elfin
when I battled against Mylene?
[\u266a]
I hoped that was my brother.
You've got to face it... Mira...
Come on...You'll see your brother
when he wants to be seen and not before.
But Shun...
Why did you disappear?
Why didn't you just show yourself after the battle
and then come join us?
Sorry Dan...
I had to get back to something extremely important.
What could be more important
than your old brawling partners?
We're almost there!
Alpha City New Vestroia!
Hey, just where I was heading...
I'm going to break in and find Skyress.
It's Mira here.
We finally arrive in the city and right away
Dan and the others put together a plan
to destroy the controller.
But I don't join them.
I have something I have to take care of by myself.
But can I handle it alone?
And the Vexos have something new up their sleeves.
Could it be a mechanical Bakugan?
Don't miss the next episode.
Bakugan Brawl!
See you then... Brawlers!